### Shores and Swamps
Darninbird - A small, skittish seabird. Most are about the size of a palm. Their
calls sound like the common blessing "Darn" and are considered good luck to
bring with you on a sea voyage.

Chandar - Chandar are large, carnivorous serpents with dark red scales. They
have been known to attack and even chase people.

### Forests

Burmuts - A knee-high, six-legged creatures with a fierce looking snout. But
don't let that fool you, these vegetarians are quite sweet-tempered.

Granks - Granks are chest-high, light and fleet of foot. They eat bark and moss.
The females grow antlers to defend their young.

Dabblingwakka - Dabblingwakkas often amble about on their four strong legs; and
when they extend themselves onto their hind legs they tower over most other
beasts and people. They are omnivorous; and have no fear.

Biddlenuts - Biddlenuts are named for there favorite treat, the nuts of the
Biddle tree. These creatures are about the length of a forearm, and have three
fluffy tails!

Dirden - Dirdens are knee-high carnivores who hunt in packs. They chase their
prey to wear them down, and then surround them! Their favorite meal is a Burmut,
but in large enough packs they've been known to take down a Dabblingwakka!

Culdinary - Many sectioned, armored and green; Culdinaries scuttle about the
forest floor, scavenging for roots and berries. Swarms of them have been known
to eat through an entire seasons worth of crops in a single day!

Ablegrik - Ablegriks are about waist-high, with long snouts and sharp teeth.
Tusks jut up from their bottom jaw. They will eat anything, anytime.


### Mountains
Snapplebeak - Snapplebeak are large birds that live in and around mountains.
They are known to be fearless defenders of their young. They have a curved
yellow beak and brilliant blue plumage.


### Deserts

Mardlebop - Mardlebops are said to bring good luck, their yellow fur and puffy
white underbelly are so soft that nobles and royals often adorn their
cold-weather clothes with their hide. They eat shrubs, live in burrows, and hop
about in a very adorable way.
