## Session 1 (Growing Season, First of Ahn, Early-Afternoon, Clear Weather)

The bright sunlight beats down on Thelonious LaCroix as he lies sprawled out on
the beach. He doesn't quite know how he got here, nor where here really even is.
The last thing Thelonious LaCroix _does_ remember is... well...  Nothing?

Thelonious LaCroix awoke on the beach, and startled away a Burmut. He attempted
to blaze a trail through the forest. His spear got caught in some vines; so he
returned to the existinng trail and headed north.

He arrived at a small town, where there was a heated discussion between Ee and
Arn arguing about what to do with the bandits that are taking their food.

Thelonious convinces Ee to set up a barricade. Arn convinces Thelonious to
negotiate before fighting.

Thelonious knows that a storm is brewing, and heads West along the road. After a
little ways, he notices some brush that has been damaged, and heads south.

He finds a Burmut, who he feeds and makes his Animal Partner, Felt.

As he emerges from the forest, He shouts out a phrase "It's raining cats and
dogs" and steps out of the woods.

Earl is suspicious, but Eye tells Earl to calm down. Thelonious asks Eye who the
leader is, and Eye points to Fes. He asks what people have been talking about
lately, and is told that there is some discussion about whether they stay here
or move on.

Thelonious asks Fes if anything unusual has been happening. No. Thelonious asks
if they've been stealing food; Fes responds "we gotta eat."

Thelonious suggests that he can teach them how to get food from other means, Fes
rejects that premise, and Thelonious stomps off and returns to the town.

The wind continues to pick up, and a light rain begins.
We paused with Thelonious just outside town (2,1); with the storm brewing and
the Bandits an hour away.

## Session 2 (Growing Season, First of Ahn, Late-Afternoon, Storm Brewing)

Thelonios tried to convince Ee that the barricade was too weak, and also unnecessrary.
Then got fed up and walked along the road to meet the bandits.


Thelonios gave them your Remedy potion, and convinced them that you would bring
them food tomorrow. Gathered some edible roots and berries and such from the
forest; then slept over night in your Tent in a Tin

### Second of Ahn

Hunted a Grank that had gotten startled when you took back your tent; and then
started walking back to the bandits. You were stalked by a pack of Dirden, which
attempted to steal the Grank from you, but failed; as you were able to
successfully defend yourself thanks to Felt.

You walk back, and hear the argument between Fes and Earl, where Fes wanted to
go in hard and get the food; while Earl wanted to sneak to steal it to avoid
conflict.

You showed them that you brought them a Grank and some of the forage; and
offered to teach them how they could fend for themselves off the land. They
agreed because you had earned their trust by bringing them food.

Pause (no rest)

## Session 3 (Growing Season, Second of Ahn, Early Evening, Cloudy Weather)




